.\" Manpage for IniEd
.\" Contact jmedved@jmedved.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH INIED 1 "17 Feb 2019" "MAJOR.MINOR" "inied man page"

.SH NAME

inied \- process .ini files


.SH SYNOPSIS

.ad l
\fBinied \fR[ \fB--section \fIsection \fR] [ \fB--key \fIkey \fR] [ \fB--print \fR| \fB--print-raw \fR| \fB--delete \fR| \fB--append \fIvalue \fR| \fB--change \fIvalue \fR| \fB--edit \fIvalue \fR] [ \fB--pretty-print \fR] [ \fB--trim \fR] [ \fB--no-comments \fR] [ \fB--in-place \fR] \fIfile\fR


.SH DESCRIPTION
Command line .ini file editor.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB--section \fIsection\fR
Section to show or replace. If not specified, all sections are matched.

.TP
\fB-k\fR, \fB--key \fIkey\fR
Key to show or replace. If not specified, all keys within section are matched.

.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB--print\fR
Print value only. If value is enclosed in quotes, those will be removed upon printing.

.TP
\fB-r\fR, \fB--print-raw\fR
Print value exactly how it's defined in file.

.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--delete\fR
Matched value will be deleted. If \fI--key\fR is not specified, the whole section will be removed.

.TP
\fB-a\fR, \fB--append \fIvalue\fR
Value to append onto a specified section. This will be done unconditionally, i.e. it might create duplicate values.

.TP
\fB-c\fR, \fB--change \fIvalue\fR
Value of entry will be changed if it exists. If entry is not found in specified section, no change will be done.

.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB--edit \fIvalue\fR
Value will be edited in specified section. If value does not exist, one will be appended.

.TP
\fB--pretty-print\fR
Output file will be made to look nicer. All lines that are not recognized as section, key/value entry, or comment will be removed.

.TP
\fB--trim\fR
Extra spaces before and after section name, key, or value will be removed.

.TP
\fB--no-comments\fR
Output file will not contain any comments.

.TP
\fB--in-place\fR
All changes will be done directly on file instead of outputing them to standard out.

.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB--verbose\fR
Extra details will be written. Can be specified multiple times.

.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Show help.

.TP
\fB-V\fR, \fB--version\fR
Show version.


.SH EXIT STATUS

.TP
\fB0\fR
Success.

.TP
\fB1\fR
Read error.

.TP
\fB2\fR
Write error.

.TP
\fB255\fR
Argument error.


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
\fBinied --section mysqld --key key_buffer --print  my.cnf\fR
Print only one value from file (section mysqld and key key_buffer).

.TP
\fBinied --section mysqld --key key_buffer --edit 200M  my.cnf\fR
Change value of key_buffer in section mysqld to 200M. If value doesn't exist, append the same to selected section.

.TP
\fBinied --section mysqld --key key_buffer --delete  my.cnf\fR
File is output with key_buffer removed from mysqld section.

.TP
\fBinied --pretty-print --no-comments  my.cnf\fR
File is cleaned up and all comments are removed.

.TP
\fBinied --section mysqld my.cnf | inied --key key_buffer | inied --print
If file is not specified, standard input is used and thus chaining is possible.


.SH AUTHOR

Josip Medved <jmedved@jmedved.com>
